Now that we've gone through the Java configuration for Spring,
let's talk about configuring your application using XML.
We're going to take that sample application that we built in the previous
modules and wire it up with XML using the Spring Framework,
but just so you don't think that we are done with Java configuration,
we are going to compare and contrast the XML
configuration with the Java configuration,
and we're going to show a couple more techniques on how to autowire your app up.
So why would you still use XML?
XML configuration was the first method available in Spring,
and although it has declined in popularity over the years,
some things, in my opinion, are still just simpler with XML.
There is a natural separation of concerns that organically happens when
configuration code is removed and replaced in a separate file.
We're going to copy that sample application that we created
in the first module and create a file called an
applicationContext to wire up our app.
Our file doesn't need to be named the appContext,
it's just a standard that's kind of become associated with Spring.
We're going to go through and wire it up in XML to help you
better understand some of those concepts and configurations that we showed with the Java configuration.